README.md, before:

#
![](https://ga-dash.s3.amazonaws.com/production/assets/logo-9f88ae6c9c3871690e33280fcf557f33.png) [DAT-NYC-37](https://github.com/ga-students/DAT-NYC-37)

Course materials for [General Assembly's Data Science course](https://generalassemb.ly/education/data-science/new-york) in New York (6/1/16 - 8/15/16)

## Exit Ticket

[Fill me out at the end of each class!](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1HM-kP6zUBUpz2H1D6Ij-yCIaBPG0H09hv5VNseiHVyw/viewform?c=0&w=1)

## Schedule

| Week | Date | Class | Due |
|:---:|:---:|:---|:---|
| 0 | | [Onboarding](./onboarding) | |
| | | **Unit 1 - Research Design and Exploratory Data Analysis** |
| 1 | 6/1 | [What is Data Science](./classes/01) | |
| 1 | 6/6 | [Research Design and _pandas_](./classes/02) | |
| 2 | 6/8 | [Descriptive Statistics for Exploratory Data Analysis](./classes/03) | |
| 2 | 6/13 | [Flexible Class Session: Exploratory Data Analysis](./classes/04) | **[Unit Project 1](./unit-projects/1) due** |
| 3 | 6/15 | [Inferential Statistics for Model Fit](./classes/05) | |
| | | **Unit 2 - Foundations of Data Modeling** | |
| 3 | 6/20 | [Introduction to Regression and Model Fit](./classes/06) | **[Unit Project 2](./unit-projects/2) due** |
| 4 | 6/22 | [Introduction to Regression and Model Fit, Part 2](./classes/07) | **[Final Project 1](./final-project/1) due** |
| 4 | 6/27 | [Introduction to Classification](./classes/08) |  |
| 5 | 6/29 | Introduction to Logistic Regression | **[Final Project 2](./final-project/2) due** |
| 5 | 7/6 | Advanced Metrics and Communicating Results | **[Unit Project 3](./unit-projects/3) due** |
| 6 | 7/11 | Flexible Class Session | |
| | | **Unit 3 - Data Science in the Real World** | |
| 6 | 7/13 | Decision Trees and Random Forests | **[Final Project 3](./final-project/3) due** |
| 7 | 7/18 | Natural Language Processing and Text Classification | |
| 7 | 7/20 | Latent Variables and Natural Language Processing | **[Unit Project 4](./unit-projects/4) due** |
| 8 | 7/25 | Time Series Data | |
| 8 | 7/27 | Time Series Data, Part 2 | |
| 9 | 8/1 | Introduction to Databases | **[Final Project 4](./final-project/4) due** |
| 9 | 8/3 | Wrapping Up and Next Steps | |
| 10 | 8/8 | Final Project Presentations | **[Final Project 5](./final-project/5) due** |
| 10 | 8/10 | Final Project Presentations, Part 2 | |

(Syllabus last updated on 6/5/2016)

(Flexible class sessions will be finalized after student goals are defined)

## Your Team

**Instructor:** [Anthony Erlinger](mailto:aerlinger@gmail.com)

**Expert-in-Residence:** [Zunayed Ali Morsalin](mailto:zunayed@gmail.com)


## Slack

You've all been invited to use [Slack](https://https://ganyceveningcourses.slack.com) for chat (channel #dat-37) during class and the day.  Please consider this the primary way to contact other students.  Bob will be on Slack during class and office hours to handle questions.

Commit message:

Update class and project readmes

README.md, after:

#
![](https://ga-dash.s3.amazonaws.com/production/assets/logo-9f88ae6c9c3871690e33280fcf557f33.png) [DAT-NYC-37](https://github.com/ga-students/DAT-NYC-37)

Course materials for [General Assembly's Data Science course](https://generalassemb.ly/education/data-science/new-york) in New York (6/1/16 - 8/15/16)

## Project folder

The repository to upload projects can be found here: https://github.com/ga-students/DAT-NYC-37-Students

## Exit Ticket

[Fill me out at the end of each class!](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1HM-kP6zUBUpz2H1D6Ij-yCIaBPG0H09hv5VNseiHVyw/viewform?c=0&w=1)

## Schedule

| Week | Date | Class | Due |
|:---:|:---:|:---|:---|
| 0 | | [Onboarding](./onboarding) | |
| | | **Unit 1 - Research Design and Exploratory Data Analysis** |
| 1 | 6/1 | [What is Data Science](./classes/01) | |
| 1 | 6/6 | [Research Design and _pandas_](./classes/02) | |
| 2 | 6/8 | [Descriptive Statistics for Exploratory Data Analysis](./classes/03) | |
| 2 | 6/13 | [Flexible Class Session: Exploratory Data Analysis](./classes/04) | **[Unit Project 1](./unit-projects/1) due** |
| 3 | 6/15 | [Inferential Statistics for Model Fit](./classes/05) | |
| | | **Unit 2 - Foundations of Data Modeling** | |
| 3 | 6/20 | [Introduction to Regression and Model Fit](./classes/06) | **[Unit Project 2](./unit-projects/2) due** |
| 4 | 6/22 | [Introduction to Regression and Model Fit, Part 2](./classes/07) | **[Final Project 1](./final-project/1) due** |
| 4 | 6/27 | [Introduction to Classification](./classes/08) |  |
| 5 | 6/29 | Introduction to Logistic Regression | **[Final Project 2](./final-project/2) due** |
| 5 | 7/6 | Advanced Metrics and Communicating Results | **[Unit Project 3](./unit-projects/3) due** |
| 6 | 7/11 | Flexible Class Session | |
| | | **Unit 3 - Data Science in the Real World** | |
| 6 | 7/13 | Decision Trees and Random Forests | **[Final Project 3](./final-project/3) due** |
| 7 | 7/18 | Natural Language Processing and Text Classification | |
| 7 | 7/20 | Latent Variables and Natural Language Processing | **[Unit Project 4](./unit-projects/4) due** |
| 8 | 7/25 | Time Series Data | |
| 8 | 7/27 | Time Series Data, Part 2 | |
| 9 | 8/1 | Introduction to Databases | **[Final Project 4](./final-project/4) due** |
| 9 | 8/3 | Wrapping Up and Next Steps | |
| 10 | 8/8 | Final Project Presentations | **[Final Project 5](./final-project/5) due** |
| 10 | 8/10 | Final Project Presentations, Part 2 | |

(Syllabus last updated on 6/5/2016)

(Flexible class sessions will be finalized after student goals are defined)

## Your Team

**Instructor:** [Anthony Erlinger](mailto:aerlinger@gmail.com)

**Expert-in-Residence:** [Zunayed Ali Morsalin](mailto:zunayed@gmail.com)


## Slack

You've all been invited to use [Slack](https://https://ganyceveningcourses.slack.com) for chat (channel #dat-37) during class and the day.  Please consider this the primary way to contact other students.  Bob will be on Slack during class and office hours to handle questions.
